docs: fixes to Medusa Cloud sections (#10270)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/book/app/learn/deployment/general/page.mdx

Want Medusa to manage and maintain your infrastructure? [Sign up and learn more about Medusa Cloud](https://medusajs.com/contact)

> Medusa Cloud is an infrastructure managed by Medusa to host your Medusa application, Admin, databases, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa Cloud is our managed services offering, that makes deploying and operating Medusa applications possible without having to worry about configuring, scaling, and maintaining infrastructure. Medusa Cloud hosts your server, Admin dashboard, database, and Redis instance.
```
